to setup up shell to store git credentials, type 
git config --global credential.helper wincred

When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    Because My computer may break or it may be stolen or I may wish to share/collaborate in my work (files) with other people

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Another user might be pushing changes to remote so you would want to only integrate your own changes
	in the repository when both sets of changes are finished.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are used when you wish to use someone elses github repostitory as a basis for your work and publicly acknowledge the fact.
	Clones are used to copy other peoples public work that is published on github, 
	or to create a new repository the same as an existing branch on a local machine.
	Branches are used to create a separate thread on a repository.
	
    	

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    If you went on holiday and there were several changes to the remote,
	you could do merges to a commit at the state when you left.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Wouldnt have to learn git.
	Would be more difficult to merge files and keep track of versions containing multiple files at different issue states

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    you can pull changes when the build has advanced	
	and resolve conflicts between them and your own changes before pushing them up to a colloborative fork.
	working on the main branch is simpler.

Useful GitHub Commands:
1. Creating a Remote Repository
After creating an account on www.github.com Login to your account, then
click '+' on menu topbar next to your username and Select 'New repository.'
Fill in remote Repository name - e.g. reflections then 
leave 'public ' selected and
don't select 'Initialise this Repository with a README,' if you have already created the repository locally. 
However, if you wish to clone the remote  repository as a local repository, then select 'Initialise this Repository with a README,'
as github does not allow cloning of an empty repository.
Then click the 'Create repository' button to create a remote repository.

